what's up we're set it off and this is
our new single breathe in breathe out
breathe in breathe out or up your toes
but I'm telling you that's not gonna do
I think it always boring party it all
depends upon how you got away the
pressure take a left and standing in a
way you try to shake it off but it seems
to wanna stay your poker face good make
them melt just sit back and deal with
the hand you're dealt face facts
it won't be easy miss on six like
exactly what I think so much doctor take
a look at me one side I seem to
so calm so cool that's it
but on the other side
[Music]
stop and think about it you only have
one life
so I'm mistaken it's something negative
I am my own worst enemy paranoid can't
afford this killing spree I am a victim
but I choose to be my favorite who live
strive to show myself so change I'll
print ill but the shooter until they
expect it won't be easy
this time fix like a jack through the
back of my car so deep when I think too
much everything gets over there we'll
take a look at me one side I seem to be
so calm so cool collected but on the
other side of melting down until then I
will choose still fits play all these
feelings that you keep watch you Joe
so look good laughing now ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls please lend me
your eyes and ears I have something to
tell you please listen up right when
they close or dies is when I will give
it up
don't you dare equally oh yeah so don't
you dare close it off I can never get
enough when they close cold eyes when I
will give it up don't you dare close it
off you never it yet you know how much
he good look at me from one side I seem
to be
so calm so cool collected weed on the
other side the melting down I'm told
that I will shoot soon display all these
feelings that I hate you think you do
but you do ma Jinga look at me from one
side I seem to be here so counsel cool
collected bring on the other side about
this whole thing
I chose to display all these feelings
that you owe me what you do so look at
me now
[Music]